I am Zariena Lee, born in Johannesburg in 1998. I lived there for five years before growing up in George, Western Cape. My childhood involved a large extended family and countless memories with cousins. My family and friends think of me as having a strong personality, someone who knows who they are and where they are going. My childhood was not one of the easy ones as I had tremendous struggles with poverty, sexual assault and a abusive father. These are not issues any child should face and I will not say that it has not defined me because it has - in a positive manner. I gained empathy and understood what genuinely matters in this life. I will always be grateful to my grandmother who took my family in and ensured that we always had a place to stay and to countless aunts and uncles who always provided for my school supplies and uniform. Life is never easy, but facing serious challenges early on in life made me grow up a whole lot faster and I put everything into my academics. In my final year of high school I was the Chairperson of the RCL (Representative Council of learners), ECL (Executive Council of learners) and was the Head girl. I was then accepted to study at UCT which I did off on for the past three years, but could not continue due to outstanding fees. It was during those years at UCT that I was fortunate enough to go for counselling and was diagnosed with Bipolar type II. Mental health issues come with terrible stigma, but I am not ashamed of who I am and where I come from. It is not my fault that life has not been easy, but It is my responsibility to heal and grow. I have come a long way and live in a constant state of gratitude. My mother has been a strong pillar of hope and we are Christians who find strength in the Lord. I am glad that I could not continue my studies as 2020 is the year I discovered coding through watching lectures on YouTube offered by Harvard through edX. I have started to realize that I could have a great future one day and that was not the case for me in the past. 

