Mental health issues. I was Diagnosed with Bipolar and so suffer from lows and highs. During the depressive periods It can be extremely hard to concentrate and get work done. This is why routine is very important for me. I wake up and sleep at the same time everyday. Practice yoga three times a week and do not consume caffeine and alcohol as it triggers anxiety and can cause me to cycle between mania and depression. I cannot afford to see a psychiatrist or to pay for medication and because of that things are not easy for me, but I never use it as an excuse. I will always push to meet deadlines and get work done. At home I try to eat healthily as food can be a form of natural medication. I have only started learning code this year and it is still relatively new to me. I would have to put more time in to understand concepts and would also ask for help when I can not find answers to my questions. I am a perfectionist and attempt to do something to a unattainable standard where getting the work done is the better option. This can waste time, but I have started dividing up my day and only allowing myself a set amount of time to complete something. This holds me accountable as I am aware of how much time I am using. I do not own a laptop or have WiFi, but have managed to use my cousins laptop during the bootcamp, it is not always available to me so that makes things difficult. I read that Umuzi does provide the recruits with laptops and that would help me tremendously as I can learn more consistently and for longer periods of time. I may have many weaknesses, but none of them will hold me back or stop me from being resourceful and successful.
