Why do you want to be a coder? [100 - 300 words]
What is it about this career path that attracts you? What inspired this decision? Why did you apply for the specific course you applied for? Some of you applied for web development, some of you applied for data science - why did you choose what you chose? 
I have applied to study web development. During lock-down I signed up for a free introduction to Computer Science course on the learning platform edX. From watching the first lecture I realized how interesting the tech industry is and immediately began doing further research online about software development. Never before had I felt this passionate about any other career. It is the mere action of creating something useful or beautiful with code that completely fascinates me. People use code and technology to solve real life issues and I have seen how web development has added to peoples lives. Social media alone has brought as closer to friends and family. We are able to use code to create something that can perform multiple functions. Web development has allowed businesses and individual consumers to have a more seamless and convenient shopping experience. This has especially come in handy during the current pandemic. This is a world I was never exposed to and now that I have been, I will never look at websites and applications in the same way.  Learning how to code will provide me with the tools to succeed as a developer and having a high value career would change my life dramatically. I would be able to escape poverty and could have a stable life that will set me up to achieve things I never imagined were possible. 
